[legal] Update EULA links in docs (#22717)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/introduction/licensing/licensing.md

  'AppY' has five front-end developers, and 'AppZ' has three; additionally, there are two front-end developers on the company's UI development team.
  Company 'B' must purchase ten licenses.

> This is [the relevant clause in the EULA.](https://mui.com/legal/mui-x-eula/#authorized-developer-count-rule)

Reviewer: What if we did the opposite for this one, changed the header in the legal docs. "Required" seems to be a better UX than "Authorized"

```suggestion
This is [the relevant clause in the EULA.](https://mui.com/legal/mui-x-eula/required-developer-count)
```

Author: I think let's stick to the language approved by the law firm, this is a nit pick and I don't think it's a significantly better UX, in fact imo "authorized" is a better fit (you don't _have_ to have x many developers, you're _allowed_ to have this many developers as long as you pay for them)

so since it's a subjective matter, might as well go with what the experts advised

Reviewer: Ah, but the question is not about taking a legal lense, it's about looking at it from the perspective of the sales flow: As a developer, engineering manager that tries to figure out how many licenses he needs. Wouldn't you first look at how many license are required (to cover your use case), rather than work from having already 10 licenses, end then try to figure out which use case internally are covered for them (the current wording)?

Author: But you're talking about changing the EULA link wording specifically right, which comes from the EULA? Or are you changing something else?

From a sales flow, asking whether something is "required" or "authorized" is pretty nit picky and subjective. An engineering manager might look at how many authorized developers a single license seat purchase covers, and the answer is 1 per developer who commits changes within a 24-hour period (so 2 seats might authorize 4 developers if they aren't committing changes within the same 24-hour period). So this doesn't feel like a helpful UX change to me, which makes it at best a subjective disagreement (you prefer required, I prefer authorized) which I think defaults to the lawyer's original wording.
